And, well, I'm going with a video today.
the fans schutter da free on if it 's a
name better just shutter game he already
It's been a year but never a good young casual and
I told him why it will get patent
and then we'll record a video of you
Understand a little to be in doubt.
basically like all schutter slaves
and change weapon
just how good it is better we have to
times the dances to use that would be the
schutter active assets and have the porpoises
grounds is that the game vbp takes the grandson
who 50 points in April talent here
Rain I think I never remember here.
cooperative
competitive b fell
ben cooperative only the arena
You have shadow wars that is really cool.
stink on the map even the map of the
uepb is also a little something
transmission on the map is very dynamic world
open these here are these missions here
attack and deliver
are missions in niches nec missions
have come out of bugs here that
the little things come out of the bug
these places where the boys are
zac falls red business that are
artifacts you watched the show or read
some of the game has a story here
can only be fragments of the ships that
fell out of the sky, right?
so here is an air of tail
Xuxa
these other yellow ones in cd quest that is
the exclamation point that point
asterisks who wants to deliver quest
are all other types of mission by
example at what time do you enter here?
is essential for the same place only
It is associated
Do you have time to do something?
time will of readiness
mitchell is running a time to run from
a place to a place
for example here hotshot has to kill
both of people
here you have the fish should also be from
killing you have several missions nearby
without a miss is quests mission lines in
map you can do how many times
you want and when you do for example
time holder is the time you go
register your own temple of the team
took off from this mission
you see the size of other people who
They were in the same place here, so it's
have the ruler the scores of missions as
missions here and have the main quests
and the side quests stuff does not know the
normal as any better this
blue business does not know what to think
shadow wars i'm not sure not
no it 's not
It's been a long time since the game was over.
I do not know, and I do not know.
good to the right places, well let's go
to go to ignorance is cool bug o
cool bar from here that I liked is the guns
face
maybe I find the water shortcut here
here only two weapons support can
change your shields has your vehicle
And there you have your pecs the pec is your trail
you get points the defender trail
so here it is I started by staying
invisible this fall of 15
running is not that it will happen that if
multiply this drop in charge more
powerful here you have the reputation of
squirrels which have the status of the weapons
I'm using a lot of example I look
I used a lot of lack of pace, level 7
in salt riff salt it got me to use it
I'll have this pull of your clothes.
used for example has a high level of
fashion the ten weapons of fashion
weeks iosa infector 6 and here only use
Do you have in your luggage?
I'm at 2.950 correct point
the video has been coming out okay
the guy is confusing the button here
good for me it's my mission and I'm going
put an i back a cooperative
to call
then when you call the operative graphite
hakimullah that stirs
the proof has to be cool dance of 10
years can not stand
over there
runs right in the middle of the map รณ an inscription
who can help the wounded guards
danger is
called pro called here to on record pb
the video here
the next video